# Introduction

The CrowdStrike 2025 Global Threat Report is the industry’s preeminent source on adversary intelligence, examining the emerging adversary trends of the past year. During 2024, adversaries matured faster than ever, innovating techniques and tools as well as finding creative solutions to circumvent modern defenses, all while staying laser-focused on their targets. Adversaries are streamlining their tactics, refining and scaling successful strategies, and learning from both their own and their colleagues’ mistakes and successes to conduct attacks with a business-oriented approach. 2024 was the year of the enterprising adversary.

eCrime adversaries exemplified such enterprising cyberattacks, constantly adapting to shifting environments and quickly scaling effective operations. Throughout 2024, initial access techniques began to shift — eCrime adversaries began moving away from phishing to alternative access methods. This shift suggests that commodity malware operators are likely finding more effective and successful infections with innovative techniques as they face hardened security defenses. One such technique that proliferated in 2024 is social engineering leveraging telephony-based exploitation: Various eCrime adversaries are increasingly adopting vishing, callback phishing, and help desk social engineering attacks to gain a foothold into networks.

These shifting initial access methods are consistent with a larger trend identified in the [CrowdStrike 2024 Threat Hunting Report](https://www.crowdstrike.com/resources/reports/2024-crowdstrike-global-threat-hunting-report/): Rather than delivering malware, eCrime adversaries are increasingly leveraging legitimate remote monitoring and management (RMM) tools to access a victim’s system — and therefore making malware non-essential for successful operations. Throughout 2024, eCrime actors frequently leveraged RMM tools in their campaigns.

In 2024, China’s cyber espionage operations reached new levels of maturity, with adversaries maintaining a higher operational tempo than observed in 2023 and engaging in prolific targeting. Decades of government investment into China’s cyber workforce and programs have yielded matured capabilities and efficiencies as well as an increasing number of new, specialized China-nexus adversaries. In 2024, CrowdStrike graduated seven new China-nexus adversaries and observed a 150% increase in China-nexus activity across all sectors on average compared to 2023. Additionally, China-nexus adversaries increasingly prioritized operations security (OPSEC) and at-scale infrastructure management by obfuscating their activities via operational relay box (ORB) networks.